

Once upon a time


Then the robots took over the McDonalds and started making Tacos.
At Taco Bell there were burgers were made of Cardboard and Rainbows.
In a galaxy far far away
In a time long before the present
Cryptozoologists are a specialized branch of monster hunters.
They track their montsers through the matrix through the use of massive amounts of computational power.
Cryptozoology is a thankless job, condemed by 'Mainstream' science, but requred for the saftey of the world.
The more a creature shows evidence of being supernatural, the less likely it is that cryptozoologists would be interested in it.
A pair of cryptozoologists had just retired, swearing of monsterhunting forever. Little did they know that they would be drawn into an entirly new adventure
As they kissed, an Eagle whisked them away to a Castle where the evil Warlock was.
As they came to the castle, the Warlock greeted them with an evil laugh.
there was a link, a missing link that is, called 404.

He just wanted to tell you how he was feeling, had to make you understand, that he was never going to give you up or let you down.
Emerging after his birthday dip in the Mississippi River, Linus had morphed into a giant red salamander resembling a popular creature known as a Charmander.
Linus knew he couldn't stay like this, having to get back home to complete his CS 4320 homework.Linus desperately searched for a last bit of energy that he knew he was going to need.
The wizard's name was Albus Percival Wolfrick Brian Dumbledore.

'How dare you?!?' barked the witch at Linus, who having been returned to his human form kissed her.
And he was desperately looking for a pair of shoes to keep his feet warm during the winter.
Have you tried Ebay?------One of this friend asked
I don't like ebay, said bigfoot. Personally, I've always been an amazon fan. Suddenly, A dangerous group of ninjas arrived, they were capable of killing dinosaurs with their bare hands!
It seemed like all was lost, and the ninjas would bring about the extinction of dinosaurs.
Luckly, skilled Samaris came to the help, but the Samaris' used their katanas to make sushi and their blades were dull!
So the samurais decided to borrow Ned Stark's Valyrian Steel sword.
However Ned's sword, Ice, had been melted down by Tywin Lannister, so the samurai contacted their evil friends, who were inflatable hamsters, to help.
A Mexican Ruffed Cat, whose name is sebastian, was fed up with all of the commotion going on outside his home and he went to investigate
When he crept outside, everyone was immediately atonished; no one had seen a Mexican Ruffed Cat for nearly 50 years.
 The lochness monster was really excited for her dance party later. Her date was a wizard with a great looking beard.Then a teratorn showed up and asked the peacock for a dance.An African peacock appeared and turned into the form of a witch.According to mainstream science, the dinosaurs dies out about 65 million years ago
According to cryptozoology and certain other branches of fringe science, a few dinosaurs might have survived much longer, or could even be around today
Suddenly, A mysterious unicorn appeared from the sky, and landed. Looking at all the mess that has been made, the unicorn then said, 'This world is just all messed up and someone needs to fix the mess someone made.'
Time starts flowing backwards, all the way to the begining of time. Trees start growing backwards, animals and people start moving backwards, and in a blink, everything was back as how it was.
Everyone fell silent as the situation got more and more uncomfortable.
Mostly because they had all just experienced the big bang in reverse.
Suddenly some aliens showed up and started putting all the other cryptozoological creatures under mind controlThe aliens turned the creatures into a strange and epic circus for their own amusement. There was a great programming ninja named Linus Torvald.
With his wizardry he robbed the corporate witches and warlocks of much of their power. 
The alien big cats were closing in on Linus Torvald quickly. 
The warlocks and witches got drunk off their britches. 
While the warlocks and witches got drunk, nijas reappeared to steal and transfer the warlocks' and witches' powers into their body. With the combination of those stolen powers, it will be easier for ninjas to accomplished their goal, which is to control the world together with Linus Torvald. 
Reports of horned cats are usually associated with legends of demon cats and not taken very seriously by cryptozoologists or any other scientists.
One exception is the horned cat that is supposed to be native to two islands near Java, Alor and Solor.
  She also knew that she she was having her friend the Kraken over for dinner and she had nothing to make!    Nessie was thankful for the sandwich but knew she would need more food to share with the Kraken.The mermaid Aurelia hailed a taxi to ensure the warlocks and witches got home safely.
Her brother Jayce thought she was much too nice, and would have preferred letting the warlocks and witches deal with the situation they got themselves into.
Moreover, there were also big bear dogs.
So Bear-dogs were related to both the bear family and the dog family. They looked like hybrids between bears and dogs. There were once many different species in the family of bear-dogs, but then they began to die out. The most recent fossils we have from the New World date to about two million years ago, and in the old world the most recent are about ten thousand years old.
However, the dark is approaching. People are reluctant to argue anymore. With the Warlocks internal disputes, and the Samari Ninjas over-running defenses in the east. The Jack-a-lope clan is now primed to enact revenge for the Lies of History.Bear-dogs were related to both the bear family and the dog family

Theylooked like hybrids between bears and dogs 
I want to use git more. This is the third time I have done this assignment. The Lake Worth Monster has goat legs, scales on it's face and hands and is a great swimmer
They were last seen in 1969

	People have been reporting strange things in the sky for thousands of years. Some of the sightings were of monsters. These creatures were usually described as resembling dragons in at least a vague way. Other times, they resembled whales, machines, or even weirder things. Some of these creatures soared through the air by beating wings of feather or skin, but others simply flew or floated with no visible means of support. Winged dragons hover over a ruined cityscape in the film 'Reign of Fire'. This screenshot is copyrighted by those who own the copyright to the film.

	A great number of conflicting explanations have been put forth by various people to explain sightings of flying monsters. Some UFO scientists have proposed that all of these sightings are actually UFOs that are mistaken for living creatures- perhaps because the UFO occupants tried to make their crafts appear organic.

Zeuglodons are magical sea creatures that are thought to have died out 30 million years ago. Keyword is "thought".

The end. 


